Question :- What is `NPM`?
Answer :- NPM stands for Node Package Manager. It consiste of Nothing but pre-written Javascript code for 
          Various Application. 
          * It also help with installing this packages.
          * Updateing to lastest version of a package.
          * Manageing package versions and dependecies.

Question :- What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need bundlers ?
Answer :- They are both bundlers. They help deveplopers complexs project by combining various dependecies into 
          single, optimized file that can be easily deployed. They do many more things dependeing on which bundlers
          we are useing.
          Bundler do Transpiling also (often refers to converting newer syntaxes into older versions to make them compatible
                                       with older browsers).

Question :- What is `.parcel-cache`?
Answer :- '.parcel-cache' is a directory created by the Parcel bundler that stores intermediate build results as a cache. 
        
Question :-  What is `npx` ?
Answer :- Npx, or Node Package Execute, is a utility that lets you run Node.js packages without installing them globally or locally. 

Question :- What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies?
Answer :- "dependencies": Packages required by your application in production.
          "devDependencies": Packages that are only needed for local development and testing.

Question :- What is Tree Shaking?
Answer :- Tree shaking is a term commonly used within a JavaScript context to describe the removal of dead code.(Bundler do it for us.).    
          When Parcel can determine which exports of a dynamically imported module you use, it will tree shake the unused exports from that module

Question :- What is Hot Module Replacement?
Answer :- The hot module replacement (HMR) docs on GitHub describe HMR as a feature that allows users to add, remove, or replace modules
          while an application is running.

Question :- List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
Answer :- *Hot Module Replacement.       *Shared bundles
          *Transpiling                   *Minification
          *Tree shaking                  *Image optimization
          *parcel-cache

Question :- What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it? 
Answer :- Later..

Question :- What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
Answer :- package.json is a file that is created when we use npm init commond,the main porpuse of creating this file is 
          to manage dependecies and devDependencies.It also contain script(build,start,entry etc).It contains Metadata(license,author,name,description etc).
          It specify the Node.js version range that the project is compatible with,which help us to know the different version the project is 
          compatible with.
          package-lock.json
          package-lock.json file contains a detailed description of entire dependecies tree, it ensure that all the enviroments have the same
          version of dependecies installed.

Question :- Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Answer :- This is just fullish.

Question :- what is node modules ?  Is it a good idea to push that on git?  
Answer :- This contains the detailed code of dependecies and subdependieces.
          No it,is not a  good idea to push it in git,because it will inc. the size of repo.

Question :- What is the `dist` folder?
Answer :- This folder contains the final file after the bundler finshed his work.

Question :-  What is `browserlists?
Answer :- browerlists is a configuration in package.json, help user to specify on which browers project should work on.



